Who's quite wealthy?
Are they talking about the baby's real father?
No, it doesn't matter to me. I just want my baby to be happy and healthy.
Good. Lucky doesn't care about that man.
No one's wealthy to be made.
If possible, it's best to find a second parent for the baby.
A complete family is beneficial to the child's growth.
Thank you, doctor. I'll think about it.
Damien, what are you doing here?
Consider me. How about her?
Consider what?
What the doctor just said.
You heard everything?
Damien, I can explain everything. Just please, don't hurt the baby. It's innocent.
You don't have to explain anything. The doctor said the baby needs a father.
I'm willing to complete your family. You're just married.
What?
You heard me.
I'm married.